if I'm going to show everyone how to get
the hot the man vs tank achievement in
leopard is so I'm pointing back to me to
show everyone needs a felicity
okay go play go to the place in oakland
put it on put it on an expert go to non
merci put an arm chapter to the subway
campaigns numbers chapters of William
take whatever character and you always
are never know everyone and you're about
to see why you put it on expert
and take pick up the showers down killer
move you have all theories
God won't lose the arboles there we go
now they're all did call about to change
the difficulties to even okay there we
go contingency writing you just running
on until it pops up that like I put a
full caption so you know exactly there's
a tank come you know so that we needed
to clear up this achievement like that
office Jesus Christ
here we go now I got really ok
hopefully I'll run to attend everyone
also
series
Arizona then I just killed him and got
men were sick and I say you look make
sure you don't get him you'll get the 10
bus to the children as well thanks for
watching